I want to share my interview experience with Appviewx. Appviewx recently conducted a coding challenge for Python Automation experts. I participated it that event and cleared the challenge. After a week, I got a call from an HR stating that, we are going to process your profile, you have to visit our office for a technical discussion. I agreed and discussion was scheduled on 04-10-2023 at 3pm. Initially, I was screened for a technical discussion for almost an hour, it was good and I got a positive feedback from the panel. After the discussion, I asked the HR about my profile status. They made me to wait for almost 2 hours then comeup with the result as, Sorry! we are not going to proceed further with your application. I agreed and left the office. After 10 minutes, I got a call from same HR to come back to the office. 

I went back and called the HR. They apologized for a confusion happened because of an another candidate having the same name as mine. Then, they took me to the next 2 rounds of discussion. 1 with Delivery Head and 1 with BU head. Both rounds are gone well, and I almost cleared all the rounds and package discussion is the only thing pending. I got an update from HR like, we are ok with your profile and we would like to proceed further but there's a concern about your 3 months notice period. They said, there are few more candidates in our pipeline whose having 3 months of notice period. I said like, I'll try to get release asap but for that, I need an offer letter, then only I'll proceed with my release process. They said, Ok we will send you an email stating your compensation and DOJ. By using that, try to get release from your current company asap. I was like, ok finally I got a seat in Appviewx. Almost, it was end of the day and HR told me to leave for the day and we'll update you regarding our BU's feedback. I agreed and left the office. 

The next day, I called the HR and asked about the status of my application. They said, our BU's head is in meeting continuosly, we will update you by end of the day. I waited till evening but there's no update. I thought to call HR the next day. But, around 6:30 PM, I received an email stating that Unfortunately, you will not be moving forward to the next discussion. All of a sudden, it was happened. My mind was completely blocked. I decided to call the HR tomorrow and ask reason for my profile rejection.

Today, I called the HR and intimated about the email and I asked, In interview, Everything was gone well but why am I rejected?
They said like Our team expecting a strong technical candidate to fulfill this position.

This is the first time I'm hearing this kind of feedback after completing a coding challenge, a technical discussion and 2 rounds of technomanageral rounds. If I'm not good in technical, they should have rejected me post completion of technical discussion. Even in BU head discussion, there's no technical discussion happened. I don't know how come they have given this feedback. I'm totally disappointed.

If 3 months notice period is the only concern, they might leave my profile without further proceeding or they should have cross verified my notice period before proceeding my profile to the next stage. Atleast they should have posted that coding challenge is only for immediate joiners. What might happen I have negotiated with my current company regarding my notice period by considering their positive response? Definitely I would have been lost my job. 

At the end, I was disappointed with their feedback and agreed.

